Partial differential equations (PDEs) are widely studied and utilized to model natural and physical phenomena. 

Definitionally, a PDE is an equation where the solution depends upon the partial derivatives of several variables of a multivariate function.



Numerical PDEs problems are valued by domain scientists for their ability to simulate phenomena related specific domains, as well as researchers in high-performance computing for their tendency to scale to larger problem sizes. 

are the subject of interest to researchers who value their formulation and application to realize application-based research as w

, as well as researchers who value realizing 

relationship between researchers interested in 

\subsubsection*{Meshing}
Certain numerical PDEs can readily be scaled to larger problems through the process \emph{remeshing} where the underlying unstructured mesh is regenerated, and used to compute the same equation. Due to this property, PDEs are frequently leveraged by researchers in high-performance computing to demonstrate \emph{weak-scaling} on increasingly large problem sizes. As such, most numerical PDEs are considered to \emph{memory-bound} problems where the majority of computing time is spent accessing memory and communicating between processors instead of computing within processors. 

Though it is often straightforward to produce a finer mesh for a problem, meshes with consistent quality are much more challenging. Indeed, generating a spurious mesh with low-quality elements can lead to numerical errors in the solution \citep{sharma2021overset}. For this reason, techniques for generating stable meshes, as well as dynamic mesh refinement techniques --- which remesh portions of the geometry where errors occur or more detail is desired -- are of considerable interest across applications utilizing PDEs \citep{geiersbach2020stochastic, bespalov2022error}.


<talk about sbp-sat and hybridization> 

The summation-by-parts with simultaneous approximation terms (SBP-SAT) method formally proves stability within a system utilizing finite differences. The SBP property is the discrete analogue to integration-by-parts tale






